4/9/26, 11:44 AM                                                           App Review - Distribute - Apple Developer

                                                                                  Get Started

    Explore Get Started                              Stay Updated
         Search                                                                   Platforms

    Overview
    Explore Platforms            Featured
                                                   Latest News

                                                   Hello Developer              Technologies
    Learn
    Apple
    Quick Links
                 Platforms       Design
    Explore TechnologiesFeatured
    Apple
    iOS
       Events
                 Developer          Program
                                 Distribution                                    Community

    Overview
       News
    Explore Community
    iPadOS
                        Accessibility
                                 Games
                        App Intents
                                 Accessories
                                                    Featured
                                                                     App ReviewDocumentation
    Xcode
       Forums
    Overview            Apple Intelligence
                                 Web
                                                    WWDC
    Explore Documentation                              Release Notes
    macOS
       Sample Code
    Swift               Games HomeWe review            allStudent
                                                    Swift   apps,Challenge
                                                                     app updates,Downloads
                                                                                  app bundles, in-app purchases,
    Meet       with Apple
    Documentation
       Videos                      events
                                 Library               Featured
                                                    Developer    Updates
                                                               Stories
    tvOS
    Explore Downloads Machine CarPlay
                                 Learning &
                                            and
                                             AI
                                        Featured  in-app     events    submitted to   App Store Connect to help
    SwiftUI
    Community-driven                    events      AppiOS
                                                         Store Awards              Support
    Technology
    All   Downloads       Overviews
                        Security
                                        Xcode provide      a safe and trusted experience for users and the
    visionOS
    Explore Support     Xcode Cloud      Featured
                                                       iPadOS
                                                    Apple  Design Awards
    Developer
    Sample          CodeForums TestFlight opportunity  macOSfor developers   to succeed. As you plan and build,
    Operating
    watchOS
    Overview           SystemsFonts                 Apple
                                         Account Help
                                                           Developer Centers

    Open        Source                    useReview
                                                these guidelines and resources to help the review process
                                                       watchOS
    Human
    Applications   Interface        Guidelines
                                         App
                                           Symbols Guidelines
    HelpStore
                                        SF
              Guides                     App Store
                                                       visionOS
                                                   Connect Help go as smoothly as possible.
    Videos
    Design         Resources
                                        Icon Composer  tvOS
    Developer           Forums Upcoming Requirements   Xcode
                                        Agreements and Guidelines
    Feedback AssistantSystem Status
    Contact Us




                                                           Preparing for review
                                                           Learn about the guidelines your submission needs to follow and
                                                           information you’ll provide for review.


                                                           Guidelines
                                                           Get in-depth details on the technical, content, and design criteria
                                                           that we use for review, and learn about other key guidelines.

                                                                App Review Guidelines
                                                                Human Interface Design Guidelines
                                                                Guidelines for Using Apple Trademarks and Copyrights


                                                           Apple Developer Program License Agreement
                                                           The Apple Developer Program License Agreement details your
                                                           obligations and responsibilities for the use of Apple software and
                                                           services. The latest agreement can be found on the Agreements
                                                           and Guidelines page.

                                                           Read the latest license agreement 


                                                           Alternative Terms Addendum for Apps in the EU
                                                           To distribute your app from an alternative app marketplace or use
                                                           alternative payment options on the App Store in the European
                                                           Union, you'll need to review and sign an addendum to the Apple
                                                           Developer Program License Agreement.


https://developer.apple.com/distribute/app-review/                                                                               1/9
4/9/26, 11:44 AM                                                     App Review - Distribute - Apple Developer

                                                     App review information
                                                     If your app requires specific settings, user account information, or
                                                     special instructions, include these details in the
                                                     App Review Information section of App Store Connect. If you don’t
                                                     include this information, the app review process may be delayed
                                                     and your app may not pass review.

                                                     For more details, view App Store Connect Help.




                                                     Submitting for review
                                                     When you submit for review in App Store Connect, you can:

                                                       Manage your submissions and communicate with App Review on
                                                       the App Review page within Apps. You can visit the App Review
                                                       page at any time, even if you don’t have active submissions or
                                                       conversations.

                                                       Submit items such as in-app events, custom product pages, and
                                                       product page optimization tests without needing a new app
                                                       version.

                                                       Include multiple items in one submission.

                                                       Remove items with issues from your submission and continue
                                                       with items that were accepted by App Review.

                                                       View a history of submissions created using the updated
                                                       experience, including messages from App Review.

                                                       Decide whether your app is reviewed for the App Store or
                                                       Notarization only.


                                                     Review status
                                                     On average, 90% of submissions are reviewed in less than
                                                     24 hours. You’ll be notified by email of status changes. You can
                                                     also check the review status of your submission in the Apps section
                                                     of App Store Connect or on the App Store Connect app for iPhone
                                                     and iPad. If your submission is incomplete, review times may be
                                                     delayed or your submission may not pass.

                                                     For status details, view App Store Connect Help.




https://developer.apple.com/distribute/app-review/                                                                          2/9
4/9/26, 11:44 AM                                                      App Review - Distribute - Apple Developer




                                                     Avoiding common issues
                                                     We’ve highlighted some of the most common issues to help you
                                                     better prepare before submitting for review. On average, over 40%
                                                     of unresolved issues are related to guideline 2.1: App Completeness
                                                     , which covers crashes, placeholder content, incomplete
                                                     information, and more.

                                                     Watch “Tips for preventing common review issues” 


                                                     Crashes and bugs
                                                     Submit items for review only when they’re complete and ready to
                                                     be published. Make sure to thoroughly test on devices running the
                                                     latest software and fix all bugs before submitting.
                                                     View guideline 2.1.


                                                     Broken links
                                                     All links in your app must be functional. A link to user support with
                                                     up-to-date contact information and a link to your privacy policy is
                                                     required for all apps. View guideline 2.1 and guideline 5.1.


                                                     Placeholder content
                                                     Finalize all images and text before submitting for review. Items that
                                                     are still in progress and contain placeholder content are not ready
                                                     to be distributed and cannot be approved. View guideline 2.1.


                                                     Incomplete information
                                                     Enter all of the details needed for review in the App Review
                                                     Information section of App Store Connect. If some features require
                                                     signing in, provide a valid demo account username and password. If
                                                     there are special configurations to set, include the specifics. If
                                                     features require an environment that is hard to replicate or require
                                                     specific hardware, be prepared to provide a demo video or the
                                                     hardware. Also, please make sure your contact information is
                                                     complete and up to date. View guideline 2.1.

                                                     Specific documentation is required for certain scenarios and types
                                                     of apps. Here are a few examples:

                                                       If the app is for kids and contains third-party ads, provide a link
                                                       to the ad services’ publicly documented practices and policies
                                                       for Kids category apps, including human review of ad creatives
                                                       for age appropriateness. View guideline 1.3.

                                                       If the app works with medical hardware, provide a copy of
                                                       regulatory clearance for the locations where the app is available.
                                                       View guideline 1.4.



https://developer.apple.com/distribute/app-review/                                                                           3/9
4/9/26, 11:44 AM                                                     App Review - Distribute - Apple Developer
                                                       If the app features third-party trademarks or copyrighted content
                                                       or lets users stream or download third-party content, provide the
                                                       authorization to do so. Examples include video streaming and
                                                       marketing that uses imagery of celebrities, sports, movies, or
                                                       music. View guideline 4.1 and guideline 5.2.

                                                       If the app facilitates services requiring licensing, such as real
                                                       money gaming and gambling, lotteries, raffles, and VPN
                                                       licensing, provide the authorization to do so. Note that licensing
                                                       requirements may vary depending on region. View guideline 5.


                                                     Privacy policy issues
                                                     Make sure your privacy policy adheres to guideline 5.1 and:

                                                       Identifies the data the app collects, how it collects that data, and
                                                       all uses of that data.

                                                       Confirms that any third party with whom the app shares user
                                                       data provides the same or equal protection of user data as
                                                       stated in the app’s privacy policy.

                                                       Explains your data retention and deletion policies and describes
                                                       how a user can revoke consent and/or request deletion of their
                                                       data.

                                                     Watch “Do more with less data” 


                                                     Unclear data access requests
                                                     When requesting permission to access user or usage data, you
                                                     should clearly and completely describe how your app will use the
                                                     data. Including an example can help users understand why your app
                                                     is requesting access to their personal information.
                                                     View guideline 5.1.

                                                     If your app’s code references one or more APIs that access
                                                     sensitive user data, the app’s Info.plist file should contain a $!
                                                     {infoPlistKey} key with a user-facing purpose string explaining
                                                     clearly and completely why your app needs the data. All apps
                                                     submitted to App Store Connect that access user data are required
                                                     to include a purpose string.

                                                     Learn about requesting permission 
                                                     Watch “Write clear purpose strings” 


                                                     Inaccurate screenshots
                                                     Screenshots should accurately communicate value and
                                                     functionality. Use text and overlay images to highlight the user
                                                     experience, not obscure it. Make sure your UI and product images
                                                     match the corresponding device type in App Store Connect.
                                                     View guideline 2.3.




                                                                                                
https://developer.apple.com/distribute/app-review/                                                                            4/9
4/9/26, 11:44 AM                                                     App Review - Distribute - Apple Developer
                                                                                                




                                                     Substandard user interface
                                                     Apple places a high value on clean, refined, and user-friendly
                                                     interfaces. Make sure your UI meets these requirements by
                                                     planning your design carefully and following our design guides.

                                                                                                      




                                                     Web clippings, content aggregators, or a collection of
                                                     links
                                                     Your app should be engaging and useful, and make the most of the
                                                     features unique to iOS. Websites served in an iOS app, web content
                                                     that is not formatted for iOS, and limited web interactions do not
                                                     make a quality app. View guideline 4.2.


                                                     Repeated submission of similar apps

https://developer.apple.com/distribute/app-review/                                                                        5/9
4/9/26, 11:44 AM                                                       App Review - Distribute - Apple Developer
                                                       Submitting several apps that are essentially the same ties up the
                                                       App Review process and risks your apps not passing review.
                                                       Improve your review experience — and the experience of your
                                                       future users — by thoughtfully combining your apps into one.
                                                       View guideline 4.3.


                                                       Copycats
                                                       When working on your app, focus on creating interesting, unique
                                                       experiences that aren’t already available. Apps that actively try to
                                                       copy other apps won’t pass review. To learn more, view Preventing
                                                       Copycat and Impersonation Rejections and guideline 4.1.


                                                       Misleading users
                                                       Your app must perform as advertised and should not give users the
                                                       impression the app is something it is not. If your app appears to
                                                       promise certain features and functionalities, it needs to deliver.
                                Preparing for review
                                                       View guideline 2.3.
                                Submitting for
                                review
                                Review status          Not enough lasting value
                                Avoiding common
                                issues                 If your app doesn’t offer much functionality or content, or only
                                Contacting us
                                                       applies to a small niche market, it may not be approved. Before
                                                       creating your app, take a look at the apps in your category on the
                                                       App Store and consider how you can provide an even better user
                                                       experience. View guideline 4.2.
    App Review
                                                       Submitted by incorrect entity
                                                       Certain types of apps must be submitted by the legal entity that
                                                       provides the services rather than an individual developer. These
                                                       apps include, but are not limited to, those that require sensitive
                                                       user information or provide services in highly regulated fields, such
                                                       as banking and financial services, cryptocurrency, healthcare,
                                                       gambling, and air travel. If you need to provide partnership
                                                       documentation or authorization, attach the files in the Attachment
                                                       section in App Store Connect and provide any descriptions or links
                                                       in the Review Notes field. View guideline 3 and guideline 5.1.1.




                                                            Technical Support
                                                            If your app didn’t pass review for technical reasons,
                                                            such as crashes or bugs, view the following
                                                            documentation:

                                                                Acquiring Crash Reports and Diagnostic Logs
                                                                Analyzing a Crash Report
                                                                Identifying the Cause of Common Crashes



https://developer.apple.com/distribute/app-review/                                                                             6/9
4/9/26, 11:44 AM                                                       App Review - Distribute - Apple Developer
                                                          You can also visit the Apple Developer Forums or
                                                          request code-level support.




                                                     Contacting us
                                                     App Review submissions
                                                     You can view your past and current submissions to App Review in
                                                     App Store Connect. If your submission didn’t pass review, details
                                                     are provided, including any specific App Review Guidelines that
                                                     your submission didn’t follow. You can correspond with App Review
                                                     to resolve the issues before resubmitting the build. Access the
                                                     App Review section on the app’s page in App Store Connect.

                                                     Learn about corresponding with App Review 


                                                     Appointment
                                                     Meet with App Review over Webex to discuss the
                                                     App Review Guidelines and explore best practices for a smooth
                                                     review process. In each 30-minute video appointment, you can ask
                                                     for advice on what to expect during review, how your app can best
                                                     align with guidelines, reasons for common rejections, and topics
                                                     related to the process of reviewing your app.

                                                     View schedule 


                                                     Appeals
                                                     If your app didn’t pass review and you feel we misunderstood your
                                                     app’s concept and functionality, or that you were treated unfairly by
                                                     Apple in the course of our review, you may choose to submit an
                                                     appeal to the App Review Board. If you file an appeal, make sure to:

                                                       Provide specific reasons why you believe your app complies with
                                                       the App Review Guidelines.
                                                       Submit only one appeal per submission that didn’t pass review.
                                                       Respond to any requests for additional information before
                                                       submitting an appeal.

                                                     Submit an appeal 


                                                     Expedited reviews
                                                     You can request the review of your app to be expedited if you face
                                                     extenuating circumstances, such as fixing a critical bug in your app

https://developer.apple.com/distribute/app-review/                                                                           7/9
4/9/26, 11:44 AM                                                        App Review - Distribute - Apple Developer
                                                      or releasing your app to coincide with an event you’re directly
                                                      associated with.

                                                      Critical bug fix. When submitting an expedited review to fix a
                                                      critical bug, include the steps to reproduce the bug on the current
                                                      version of your app.

                                                      Event-related app. For apps associated with an event, we
                                                      recommend you plan and schedule the release of your app in
                                                      App Store Connect. However, if your app is still in review and the
                                                      launch of your event is quickly approaching, you can request to
                                                      have your app review expedited. Make sure your request includes
                                                      the event, date of the event, and your app’s association with the
                                                      event.

                                                      Request an expedited review 


                                                      Bug fix submissions
                                                      If you’re submitting a bug fix update for your app and we find
                                                      additional issues during review, you have the option to resolve the
                                                      additional issues with your next submission, as long as there are no
                                                      legal or safety concerns. To accept, simply reply to the offer
                                                      message in App Store Connect and indicate you would like the
                                                      current submission to be approved.

                                                      View App Store Connect 


                                                      Suggestions

                                                      Help improve the App Review Guidelines or identify a need for
                                                      clarity in our policies by suggesting guideline changes. Your
                                                      suggestions will be taken into consideration by App Review.

                                                      Make a suggestion 


                                                      Report a concern

                                                      If you believe that an app presents a trust or safety concern, or is in
                                                      violation of the App Review Guidelines, you can share details with
                                                      us to investigate.

                                                      File a report 


                                                      Other questions
                                                      You can contact us to ask for support with an unresolved app
                                                      rejection or removal.

                                                      Contact us 




           Developer     Distribute     App Review




https://developer.apple.com/distribute/app-review/                                                                              8/9
4/9/26, 11:44 AM                                                                   App Review - Distribute - Apple Developer


    Platforms                                   Technologies                               Resources                           Programs

    iOS                                         Accessibility                              Documentation                       Apple Developer Program

    iPadOS                                      Accessories                                Downloads                           Apple Developer Enterprise Program

    macOS                                       Apple Intelligence                         Sample Code                         App Store Small Business Program

    tvOS                                        Audio & Video                              Videos                              MFi Program

    visionOS                                    Augmented Reality                                                              Mini Apps Partner Program

    watchOS                                     Business                                                                       News Partner Program
                                                                                           Support
    App Store                                   Design                                                                         Video Partner Program
                                                                                           Help Guides & Articles
                                                Distribution                                                                   Security Bounty Program
                                                                                           Contact Us
                                                Education                                                                      Security Research Device Program
    Tools                                                                                  Forums
                                                Games
    Swift                                                                                  Feedback & Bug Reporting
                                                Health & Fitness
    SwiftUI                                                                                System Status                       Events
                                                In-App Purchase
    Swift Playground                                                                                                           Meet with Apple
                                                Localization
    TestFlight                                                                                                                 Apple Developer Centers
                                                                                           Account
                                                Maps & Location
    Xcode                                                                                                                      App Store Awards
                                                                                           Apple Developer
                                                Machine Learning & AI
    Xcode Cloud                                                                                                                Apple Design Awards
                                                                                           App Store Connect
                                                Security
    Icon Composer                                                                                                              Apple Developer Academies
                                                                                           Certificates, IDs, & Profiles
                                                Safari & Web
    SF Symbols                                                                                                                 WWDC
                                                                                           Feedback Assistant



    Read the latest news.    Get the Apple Developer app.                                                                                            Light   Dark   Auto


    Copyright © 2026 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.       Terms of Use   Privacy Policy   Agreements and Guidelines                                           English 




https://developer.apple.com/distribute/app-review/                                                                                                                         9/9

